MetroTech Institute Internship toxicity and physiochemical computational assesments. Filtration on molecules targeting the AcHE compound to help reduce the effects of Alzheimer's. 
Results -
Physiochemical Analysis:
After the preliminary searches, the 228 molecules that were collected were filtered based on physicochemical analysis from their Admetlab3 evaluations. The physicochemical analysis entailed an nHD level between 0 and 7, an nHA level between 0 and 12, a nStereo less than 2, logP between 0 and 3, a logD between 1 and 3, logS between -4 and 0.5, an Fsp3 greater than 0.41, and nHet level between 1 and 15. The py script ensured that only if all criteria were met, that molecule would be included in the final diagram and filtered dataset. Looking through the plot and the filtered data, it seems that only 14 out of the 228 molecules successfully passed the criteria. Which means only those 14 molecules have suitable physical and chemical properties for our target.

Toxicity Analysis:
Similar to the physicochemical analysis, the 228 molecules previously collected were filtered based on toxicophore and crammer rule levels. With the Python script, all molecules that had a toxicophore level exceeding 2 were filtered out, and the crammer rule, which applied to most molecules, was also included in the filtration. As a result, about 33 molecules remain with appropriate toxicity levels. The plot diagram and filtered CSV display molecules parallel to the number of toxicophores (all between 0 and 2). According to the filtration, these select molecules are the least likely to have unacceptable safety risks or adverse reactions.
